Arp table may exist in a computer, it may also exist in hubs, switches or routers. Arp table establishes mapping between Ip addresses and Mac addresses of the network adapters in a computer or other aparatus. Hubs, switches or routers use arp protocol to construct Arp table.

To establish an arp table, the hub or switch needs to broadcast an IP address, and the computer with that IP address will report its mac address to the hub or switch, and it is recorded in the arp table.

Network hacking is all about hijacking and simulation. If we modify an arp table, mapping the router IP address with a fake mac address. Then we can simulate a router with a fake mac address.

Hub is a primitive equipment in the network, now it could be thoroughly replaced by switches and routers. Hub is used for broadcasting, but it does not have a switch table (forwarding table). A switch table contains mapping between Ip address (or Mac address) and port index in a switch or a router. Switch could replace hub to broadcast.

To establish a forwarding table, the switch needs to broadcast an IP address to very port of the switch, the computer with that IP address will report to the corresponding port of that switch. And the switch will record the mapping between the IP address and the port number.

If we modify a forwarding table, we can hijack the packets to a specific IP address to another computer with a fake IP address.

Switches lay in layer 2, the ethernet layer or LAN (local network). Because it's in layer 2 and has simple configurations, it could run very fast. In switches, the information traffic flows in the unique path which is determined by the spanning tree of the network topoloby. However, in routers, the traffic path is not unique, it could have other paths.

Switch can be used to build a LAN (local area network). Let's call the communication within a LAN intradomain communication. Switch uses the path of spanning tree to construct the switch table and forward information after the switch table is established. For intradomain communication, this characteristic could make it very fast. However, to link this lAN into the internet, or connect the LAN with many other LANs, we need a router to compute the approapriate path between the source and the target. If we also use switch mechanism in interdomain commincation, it would be very slow and impossible to establish the whole internet.

A local network can be built only by a swtich, in this case, the communication in the local network is really fast. A local network can also be constructed by several routers by intradomain communicaton protocols. The local network with routers is usually larger than the local network built by switches.

A routing table is a set of rules, often viewed in table format, that is used to determine where data packets traveling over an Internet Protocol (IP) network will be directed. The Internet routing world consists of many autonomous systems which are interconnected. Each AS consists of multiple routers. eBGP is the version of BGP that is used to exchange BGP routing updates between two different AS’s. eBGP is implemented on the edge BGP router that provides interconnection to other AS’s. 

To establish a routing table is really complex, and the data in the table is dynamic. To compute which path to take to deliver a packet and which router to give the packet to next step, the router needs to know the information of other routers, the distance and speed of each router to a specific IP address. Due to the Ip addresses are dispatched automatically in many areas, the distance and speed of a router to a specific IP address are dynamic.

Router hijacking usually involves broadcasting fake information to routers. For example, actually your router is far from a specific IP address, but your router claims that your router is near it, therefore other routers will forwoard packets to you when the packets are to that IP address. By doing that, you can hijack the whole network.

In a local network, You can claim yourself as a router and competes with other routers in the local network. If there are several routers in the local network, introdomain routing is indispensible. If your succeed in the competion, you can act as a fake router, and get all the packets of the computers which treat you as a router.

Routers lay in layer 3, the IP layer which sends and receives IP protocol. The IP layer is the narrow waist of the network archetecture, and the essential part of the current network. As we said, router computes the path for interdomain communication, considering not only the length of the path, but also the money expediture for each choice. For intradomain communication, we can also use router to compute the shortest path between source and target. But for intradomain communication, especially for small local network, the router mechanism is usually slower than the switch mechanism.

Due to the progress of technology in recent years, the boundary between layer 2 and layer 3 becomes very blurry. Before, to connect a LAN with WAN (wide area network), we should have a router with one WAN interface and one LAN interface. The WAN interface connects to the internet, and the LAN interfaced connects to the WAN interface of a switch. The many LAN interfaces of switch connect to many computers in the local network. Nowadays, a switch could also have the function of routing, equivalent with a previous switch plus a previous simple router. A router today could also have many LAN interfaces to act as a switch, though we still need switch when we need many many LAN interfaces.

Switching Basics for Cyber and Network Security
Network switches are used to connect computers and servers into a single network. The switch performs the function of a controller and allows the devices within a network to communicate with each other. This action is performed through packet switching, where data is received, processed and forwarded to its destination from one computer to another. Information sharing as well as resource allocation through switching allows businesses to save money while improving productivity.

Routing Basics for Cyber and Network Security
While switches connect computers within a single network, routers are used to connect entire networks to each other. Data packets are received, processed and forwarded from one network to another. Routing allows computers to link through the internet, thus allowing for information sharing between different networking systems.

Difference between Routing and Switching
Whereas switching creates a single network made up of individual computers, routing connects entire networks to each other. Routers perform a role similar to that of switches, but on a much larger scale. Thus, a router essentially acts as a dispatcher of data through the most efficient channels between networks.

No matter hubs, switches or routers, they must have buffer to store the information due to the traffic jam in the network. Buffer size could be calculated according to some theories.

Network Security Basics
What does routing and switching have to do with network security? Since information between computers and larger networks is transferred using routers and switches, they become the primary targets for hacking and information leaking. Thus, to ensure network security, it becomes essential to protect routers and switches against outside tampering.

Hijack information stored in switches or routers, information to a switch or router, information from a switch or router.

Before a request to a server is sent, first it sends a request to a DNS server, and receives the IP address of that server. Then it sends a frame with that IP address and its own IP address, that is, it sends a request to the target server.

When a computer sends a request to another server, it first sends a frame with the target IP address and its own IP address to the switch. If the target IP address is within the local network, the switch will forward the packets to corresponding port and the server. If the target IP address is outside the local network, the switch will send the packets to a nearby router, that router will compute the optimal path for it, and forward the packets to the next proper router, until it gets to destination.

在一台机器上装虚拟机的话，可以共用ip地址，但使用不同的端口，也可以使用不同的ip地址（比如局域网的不同ip，简单说，主机和虚拟机就可以构成一个局域网），但是本质上，还是主机作为路由器，packet首先发给主机，然后路由中有一个switch table，表明哪个端口对应着哪个ip，把packet转发到不同端口去，其实还是相同的ip，不同的端口。

同一台机器上一个线程的程序的不同部分是如何进行通讯的，不需要程序员来管。如果是多线程（包括多进程），通讯就需要程序员来管了。如果是多台机器配合着完成一个程序，不同机器之间的通讯（网络通讯）也需要程序员来管。


对于客户端和服务器端的通信，同步意味着客户端需要等着，异步意味着客户端不需要等。同步情况下，阻塞意味着服务器端单线程需要等着，不能接受其他任务，非阻塞意味着服务器端单线程不需要等，也可以暂停掉当前任务，接受其他任务。

对于主线程和子线程，同步意味着主线程需要等着，也意味着主线程被阻塞，异步意味着主线程不需要等，可以继续执行，也意味着主线程没有被阻塞。但是，在这种语境下谈论阻塞，意味着子线程被阻塞，不能接受新的任务，非阻塞意味着可以开新的子线程，去执行新的任务。

对于调用函数和被调用函数，同步意味着调用函数需要等着，也意味着调用函数被阻塞，异步意味着调用函数不需要等，可以继续执行，也意味这调用函数没有被阻塞。

有时候，对于调用函数和被调用函数，同步谈论的是调用函数按顺序接收被调用函数的返回值，这时候，调用函数往往处于被阻塞的状态，异步谈论的是调用函数随时接收被调用函数的返回值，这时候，调用函数往往处于非阻塞状态。


